Release 0.47.0 (#816)
packit/ogr: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.47.0

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Added support for removing users/groups from a project and allow to check for groups with permissions to modify a PR.

```

# 0.47.0

> - Added support for removing users/groups from a project and allow to check for groups with permissions to modify a PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for removing users/groups from a project and possibility to check for groups with permissions to modify a PR. (#815)
```
